Coherent Graphics Ltd Non-Commercial Use License Agreement

[To be released from this agreement (in other words to use the software
commercially) visit http://www.coherentpdf.com/ and purchase a license.]

This Coherent Graphics Ltd License Agreement is a legal agreement between you
and Coherent Graphics Ltd for the software, data and documentation mentioned
above (together, the "Software").

By installing, copying or otherwise using this Software, you agree to be bound
by the terms of this license agreement. If you do not agreee, do not install,
copy, or use the Software. The Software is protected by copyright and other
intellectual property laws and is licensed, not sold.


SCOPE OF RIGHTS:

You may use, copy, reproduce and distribute this Software for any
non-commercial purpose subject to the restrictions in this license. For
example, teaching, academic research and personal experimentation.

You may not use or distribute this Software or any derivative works in any form
for commercial purposes. For example running business operations, licensing,
leasing, or selling the Software, distributing the Software for use with
commercial products, using the Software in the creation or use of commercial
products or any other activity whose purpose is to procure a commercial gain to
you or others.

If the Software contains source code, you may create derivative works of such
portions of the Software and distribute them under the same terms and
conditions as in this license, and you will not grant other rights to the
Software or derivative works that are different from this license.

If you have created derivative works of the Software, and distribute them, they
must carry prominent notices so that recipients know they are not receiving the
original software.


In return for these rights, we require:

1. That you will not remove any copyright or other notices from the software

2. The Coherent Graphics Ltd is granted back, without any restrictions or
limitations, a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, assignable
and sub-licensable license to reproduce, perform or display, install, use,
modify, post, distribute, make and have made, sell and transfer your
modifications to and/or derivative works of the Software source code or data,
for any purpose.

3. THAT THE SOFTWARE COMES "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTIES. THIS MEANS NO EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ANY WARRANTY AGAINST
INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE SOFTWARE OR ANY WARRANTY OR TITLE OF
NON-INFRINGEMENT. THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL FULFILL ANY OF
YOUR PARTICULAR PURPOSES OR NEEDS. ALSO, YOU MUST PASS THIS DISCLAIMER ON
WHENEVER YOU DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.

4. THAT NEITHER COHERENT GRAPHICS LTD NOR ANY CONTRIBUTOR TO THE SOFTWARE WILL
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE OR THIS LICENSE, INCLUDING
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT THE LAW PERMITS, NO MATTER WHAT LEGAL THEORY IT IS BASED ON. ALSO, YOU
MUST PASS THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ON WHENEVER YOU DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTTWARE
OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.

5. That we have no duty of reasonable care or lack of negligence, and we are
not obligated to provide technical support for the Software.

6. That if you breach this license, this license terminated immediately.
Sections 3,4,5,7 and 8 of this license survive such or any termination.

7. That all rights not expressly granted to you in this license are reserved.

8. That this license shall be construed and controlled by the laws of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, without regard to
conflicts of law. If any provision of this license shall be deemed
unenforceable or contrary to the law, the rest of this license shall remain in
full effect and interpreted in an enforceable manner that most nearly captures
the effect of the original license.

In addition, we draw your attention to these license terms concerning the
embedded AFM data in these binaries:

These executables constitute a modification of Adobe's AFM data files. This
file also constitutes a modification of Adobe's license file.

This file and the 14 PostScript(R) AFM files it accompanies may be used,
copied, and distributed for any purpose and without charge, with or without
modification, provided that all copyright notices are retained; that the AFM
files are not distributed without this file; that all modifications to this
file or any of the AFM files are prominently noted in the modified file(s); and
that this paragraph is not modified. Adobe Systems has no responsibility or
obligation to support the use of the AFM files.


In addition, this program contains the sha2 implemention by Olivier Gay:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

  * FIPS 180-2 SHA-224/256/384/512 implementation
  * Last update: 02/02/2007
  * Issue date:  04/30/2005
  *
  * Copyright (C) 2005, 2007 Olivier Gay <olivier.gay@a3.epfl.ch>
  * All rights reserved.
  *
  * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
  * are met:
  * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  * 3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors
  *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
  *    without specific prior written permission.
  *
  * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
  * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
  * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
  * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
  * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
  * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
  * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
  * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
  * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
  * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
  * SUCH DAMAGE.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------


In addition, this program contains 'Xmlm' by Daniel Bunzli

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Copyright 2007 Daniel C. Bünzli
  All rights reserved.

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
  met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the
     distribution.

  3. Neither the name of Daniel C. Bünzli nor the names of
     contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
     from this software without specific prior written permission.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
  A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
  OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
  SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
  LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
  DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
  THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
  OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


In addition, this program contains 'Yojson' by Martin Jambon

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(* Copyright (c) 2010-2012, Martin Jambon All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. *)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

***

UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE

Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories
http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and
http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/. Unicode Data Files do not include PDF online
code charts under the directory http://www.unicode.org/Public/. Software
includes any source code published in the Unicode Standard or under the
directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/,
and http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/.

NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA
FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR
SOFTWARE.

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

Copyright © 1991-2015 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the
Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
the Unicode data files and any associated documentation (the "Data Files") or
Unicode software and any associated documentation (the "Software") to deal in
the Data Files or Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies
of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or
Software are furnished to do so, provided that

(a) this copyright and permission notice appear with all copies of the Data
Files or Software, (b) this copyright and permission notice appear in
associated documentation, and (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data
File or in the Software as well as in the documentation associated with the
Data File(s) or Software that the data or software has been modified.  THE DATA
FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in
these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of the
copyright holder.
